You stay away from me
Excuse me.
I didn't mean to.
Never mind.
You find me some pants
OK
I'll go back first.
I'm going to the team tomorrow to open a letter of introduction
Only then can we apply for marriage registration online.
But in my current capacity
You can't just leave the village
I'm not like you.
In addition to sweeping the ice shed, the renovation below
Work in the ground
I have to go to class.
Let's make a new one first.
How could I have forgotten about this?
The usual Hong Xiuzhang in the village
And they use it as an excuse.
Trouble with Rong Zhao
It's even less likely to let him leave the village now
You don't have to post photos to get married now.
I'll figure out a way to solve this matter tomorrow.
How else could he solve it?
I beg the old ruler to find someone to lead it for you
It doesn't have to be weight.
You know quite a bit
No you listen to me uh
Me.
Uncle's son
He just couldn't. That's what he did.
Really?
What a coincidence
I'll go back to the execution point first, you can rest early.
Not only did he approach me on purpose
You've even figured out a way to marry me
This young age really doesn't explain
But whoever you are
If it is for the background
Sooner or later I'll let you show your feet